= Unix Command Line Interface

The Unix Command Line Interface is a tool which allows Unix or Mac users to manage their HP Cloud Services from the command line.

== System Requirements

The current version of the CLI requires Ruby 1.9.2 or 1.8.7 and a recent version of rubygems (generally included with the ruby package).

== Installation

  gem install hpcloud

You should see the gem and its dependencies being installed on your system. To verify installation, simply type:

  hpcloud

If you see a listing of available commands, your installation was successful.

4) Once installation is complete you can set up your account:

  hpcloud account:setup

That’s it! Try out the usage examples below.

If you should ever need to remove the CLI:

  gem uninstall hpcloud

= In-Command Help

You can get a list of commands at any time by calling the hpcloud command without any arguments:

  hpcloud

Each command has help built in which includes specific examples of use, aliases you can use and more. To see help for a specific command use:

  hpcloud help <command>

If you want to check which version of the tool you have installed:

  hpcloud info

= Configuring with Helion/OpenStack/DevStack

Your configuration for Helion etc should look similar to this:

---
:credentials:
  :auth_uri: http://xx.xx.xx.xx:5000/v2.0/
  :userpass: true
  :account_id: UserName
  :secret_key: SuperSecret!
  :tenant_id: 3xxxxxxxxxxxxa0b9e073b99bec868fd
:regions: {}
:catalog:
  :compute: nova
  :object_storage: swift
  :block_storage: cinder
  :networking: neutron
:options: {}
:provider: hp

There are command line ways to configure your account, but it may be easier to
manually edit the file in ~/.hpcloud/account .  Use v2.0 authentication as
right now Fog does not support v3.


= Documentation and Usage

Detailed documentation and usage examples can be found at HP Cloud Unix CLI[http://docs.hpcloud.com/cli/unix] page.

= Copyright

See LICENSE for copyright details.
